## Playing with the idea of a Dopa-menu

Recently, I returned to the idea of creating a menu of go to stimulating activities, a Dopa-menu, if you will. video linke

The concept makes sense when you compare it to meal planning. I'm much more likely to eat healthier and snack healthier if i have those options readily available. But just as cooking when you're hungry is a frustrating slog, making better choices about time consumption is much harder .I can't reliably expect my stimulation deprived brain to reach for the dense economics tome over the readily available, built-to-be-enticing youtube video. 

I'm not new to cutting down on excessive consumption (haven't used reddit on my phone since June 2024), heavy user of digital well-being timers and blockers. But I also end up finding a new form of indulgence. Recently, after I ousted the youtube app from my phone yet again, I found my time going into good old fashioned tetris and minesweeper. To their credit, these games do reach boredom point where you naturally move on to something else, unlike engineered endless suggestions on youtube. Improvement, but not perfect, since soon enough I was clocking and hour or two everyday on the games, if not more. I got pretty good at it tho --insert picture--

On retrospection I could see that these were external manifestation of inner restlessness. i've working on reducing it, but i also see that realistically it would always exist, just hopefully at a more manageable level. And using these didnt necessarily help as much. It exacerbated my feelings about doing something "helpful" or "important"

The idea of a menu works great then because i can pick a few examples of things ahead of time. Essential
	* Entrees
    * Appetisers
    * Sides
    * Desserts 
    * Snacks
    * comfort food / soups
    
For instance, I'm using Bake off as a side as I write this. [[bakeoff]]


A big concern lately was that time just passes me by, and over time I've been able to put systems in place albeit at different levels of control. As of now, I tend to make sense of time in a 12wk cycle, weekly planning sessions. The daily level is under works, perhaps timeboxing or some level of routine. tbd. Until then, this idea of an activity menu offers a nice alternative. 

    
I'm cautious of snacks tho, because too much of minesweeper was taking my energy and focus for writing. 

The hope is to redirect the restlessness to things beyond TV dinner. Leave more room to have that super tasty meal lined up for dinner. And from the looks of it, it's woring, because I have this 500 words draft out of my head and on paper (erm, digital paper)